chore: Update PR template (#1369)
Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Description

<!-- Provide a brief overview of your PR and link any relevant user stories or issues. -->

[PR description]

#### Added
- [Description]

#### Changed
- [Description]

#### Fixed
- [Description]

#### Removed
- [Description]

## Documentation

<!-- Link all added or updated documents. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Updated Balsamic documentation to reflect the changes as needed for this PR.
  - Document [Name]

## Tests

<!-- Describe in detail how you tested your changes to help reviewers validate the code. -->
<!-- Include screenshots or visual representations of your changes. -->

#### Feature Tests

<!-- Include tests relevant to the changes in this PR. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Test [Description]
  - [Screenshot]

#### Pipeline Integrity Tests

<!-- Include tests to verify the integrity of the different Balsamic workflows. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic TGA T/O workflow.
- [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic TGA T/N workflow.
- [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic WGS T/O workflow.
- [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic WGS T/N workflow.

> - [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic QC workflow.

Reviewer: Though I missed this part, I think we should add integrity for the UMI-workflows too. And I also wonder if we should let the "N/A" optionality be on a workflow-basis. Sometimes a change only affects one workflow for instance and it would be nice if we could skip some if it's unnecessary to test them : )

Author: 👍 [7e6ca81](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC/pull/1369/commits/7e6ca810816781ab887482769fa510cc9189023a)

Author: Do you think we need to differentiate between T/O & T/N? 🤔

Reviewer: I think so yes! But I don't know how to format it to avoid it being messy 🤔

- [ ] Verified integrity of the Balsamic PON workflow.

## Clinical Genomics Stockholm

<details>
<summary></summary>

<!-- Do not reveal clinical data, and if applicable, place it within the internal Google Drive directory. -->

### Documentation

<!-- Link related issues or PRs for necessary changes. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Updated _Atlas_ documentation for this PR.
  - [Link]
- [ ] Ensured web portal for Clinical Genomics reflects changes.
  - [Link]

### User Changes

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Affected users have been included in the development process and given a chance to provide feedback.

> 

Reviewer: I wonder if we could add a text-box here where we could encourage and explanation if we put N/A. In some cases the "N/A" will be obvious, but in others it can be a gray-zone, like changes may affect the results but we have ensured that the results are improvements and feedback is then unnecessary. But for instance especially in the development of new features, feedback is more important

Author: Got your point! I've updated it but feel free to rephrase it or restructure it: [8e353c9](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC/pull/1369/commits/8e353c9b7a151c3ee31f28ddeef1419ee0f419ab)

- [Description]

## Documentation

<!-- Link all added or updated documents. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Updated Balsamic documentation to reflect the changes as needed for this PR.
    - [Document Name]

## Tests

<!-- Describe in detail how you tested your changes to help reviewers validate the code. -->
<!-- Include screenshots or visual representations of your changes. -->

### Feature Tests

<!-- Include tests relevant to the changes in this PR. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] Test [Description]
    - [Screenshot]

### Pipeline Integrity Tests

<!-- Include tests to verify the integrity of the different Balsamic workflows. -->

- **Report deliver (generation of the `.hk` file)**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **TGA T/O Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **TGA T/N Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **UMI T/O Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **UMI T/N Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **WGS T/O Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **WGS T/N Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **QC Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified
- **PON Workflow**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Verified

## Clinical Genomics Stockholm

<details>

> <summary></summary>

Author: I've been testing the template in my PRs, and it seems that when you click a checkbox, it closes the collapsible content. It is a known issue: https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/42523.

I was wondering if we should mark `N/A` by default for this section so it's not so annoying 🙃

Reviewer 2: Yes, marking NA would be nice then

<!-- Do not reveal clinical data, and if applicable, place it within the internal Google Drive directory. -->

### Documentation

<!-- Link related issues or PRs for necessary changes. -->

- **Atlas documentation**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]
- **Web portal for Clinical Genomics**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]

### User Changes

<!-- Please provide justification if you select N/A and the changes affect the output or results. -->

- [ ] N/A
- [ ] This PR affects the output files or results.
    - [ ] User feedback is considered unnecessary because [Justification].
    - [ ] Affected users have been included in the development process and given a chance to provide feedback.

### Infrastructure Changes

<!-- Link related issues or PRs for necessary changes. -->

- **Stored files in Housekeeper**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]
- **CG (CLI and delivered/uploaded files)**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]
- **Servers (configuration files on Hasta)**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]
- **Scout interface**
    - [ ] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]

> ### Integration Tests

Reviewer: Like we discussed on slack, this may be unnecessary as these integration tests are done in their respective PRs on Hermes / CG etc! : )

### This PR:

(If this is a release PR, no need to add following. Leave this part empty)
(Use the following lines to create a PR text body. Make sure to remove all non-relevant one after you're done)
(Repeat each field as many times as necessary)

Added: for new features.
Changed: for changes in existing functionality.
Deprecated: for soon-to-be removed features.
Removed: for now removed features.
Fixed: for any bug fixes.

> Security: in case of vulnerabilities.

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep this (added/changed/fixed/etc)

Author: In my opinion it ends up being a copy paste of the CHANGELOG. Maybe it's good if we make reviewers go and check throughly what has been added there

Author: I've added it again, was using this template and it's kind of nice to list the changes

> <!-- Provide a brief overview of your PR. -->

Reviewer: I wonder if it may be required to add some checkbox here as well. Like 
- [x] Description of PR has been given
Otherwise there may be a risk that it's ignored

Author: Yes, I think it's a good idea :)

> <!-- Ensure that all checkboxes below are ticked before merging. -->

Reviewer: Maybe here as well, and for the user stories. If it would be possible to convert the comments to checkboxes. I feel like adding checkboxes makes it feel less optional 🤔

> - [ ] Ensured CG interface and CLI are updated to align with the changes.

Reviewer 2: and cg.config

- [ ] Verified that the Scout interface reflects the updates made in this PR.

## Documentation Changes

<!-- Link all added or updated documents. -->

- [ ] Updated Balsamic documentation to reflect the changes as needed for this PR.
- [ ] Ensured Atlas documentation is updated accordingly.

## Tests

<!-- Describe in detail how you tested your changes to help reviewers validate the code. -->

> <!-- Include screenshots or visual representations of your changes. -->

Reviewer 2: I would add something like: Never disclose private information, and if relevant add it in the internal folder

> ### Feature Tests

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be possible to create some type of criteria like for the validation reports. Something that forces the developer to consider the impacts of their changes on the pipeline, and how to set requirements that need to pass for the PR to be allowed to be merged.

Reviewer 3: It's a good idea. It tricky to think of a template that fits many scenarios. Maybe it is also the responsibility of the reviewer to ensure that there a well described tests so one can understand if the developer have thought it through?

Reviewer: Maybe something like a small risk-assessment, with a checkbox that needs to be checked. 
- [x] Risks have been assessed and considered in tests

Reviewer 3: Very good point. Kinda spaced on that.

Awesome!

<!-- Include tests relevant to the changes in this PR. -->

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B
- [ ] Not applicable

> 

Reviewer: I have another potential section we could add, but it could change quite a lot the way we work. But I think it could be nice to add some section like:

Customer relevant changes:
- [x] change significantly affects customer results
If above is checked:
- [x] affected customers / users have been included in the development process and given a chance to provide feedback

Author: I like it 🔥

### Integration Tests

<!-- Include tests relevant to how changes affect infrastructure tools. -->

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B
- [ ] Not applicable

### Pipeline Integrity Tests

<!-- Include tests to verify the integrity of the different Balsamic workflows. -->

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B
- [ ] Not applicable

## Checklist for Reviewers

- [ ] Code follows the project's coding standards and style guide.
- [ ] Code implements the intended features or fixes the reported issue.
- [ ] Code is accompanied by relevant unit tests.
- [ ] Pipeline changes are well-documented in the CHANGELOG and relevant documentation.

> - [ ] Manual testing performed by the author is described; they considered edge cases and boundary conditions, and the results are satisfactory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Manual testing performed by the author is described; when relevant they consider edge cases and boundary conditions, and the results are satisfactory.
```
